Okay.
Now,
is this good a time as any to cover.
What do you do if you make a mistake in excel?
No.
In the last lecture,
we edited the title of a worksheet to say my fruit and veggie shop on then a bunch of God
gobbledy goop straight after it.
Now,
obviously,
we don't want all these GSG Hmm?
Various letters in there because we've made a mistake.
So what we can do is we can use the quick access toolbar right up here and select the undo
button.
Now,
by hovering over the undo button,
you can see that you get the tool tip that tells you what the function is.
And you can also see that the keyboard shortcut of control and zed is highlighted.
Eso if you left,
click with your mouse.
The undue You can see that that gobbledygook has been removed.
Andi Tyler's room restored to what it was before.
Now.
Similarly,
if we move over to the right,
we can see the redo button on the redo.
It performs exactly the opposite function.
So if we hit the redo,
it will take us back to where we were just a few seconds ago.
We wanna undo because we like the type of our fruit and veg shop as it is on.
Do you go?
That's how you correct a mistake if you make one in excel.